

1. Health Problem 
2. Significant Difference 
3. Fashions in Food 
4. New Weapon 
5. The Price of Success 
6. Holiday Regulations 
7. Strong Competitor 
8. Psychological Barrier   

A. Nowadays, potatoes are the 'in’ thing so far as health is concerned. In the 60s and 70s we were told to avoid them at all costs for fear of getting fat, but now they have been reinvented by the dieticians as a source of fibre and vitamins. Sensible people, like you and me, have always eaten them because they taste so good.   

B. Organizing a holiday isn’t the easiest task in the world; there are so many things to think about. Let’s keep it simple by assuming that there’s no overseas travel to arrange. That doesn’t mean that you can also forget about injections and other health precautions entirely. What about sun blocker? What about regular medication prescribed by your doctor? My point, quite frankly, is that planning a holiday can be a real pain although a well planned holiday can more than reward the pains you go to before you set out.   

C. Symantec, McAfee and Trend Micro have the US market for antivirus software sewed up between them. But here comes Russia’s Kaspersky Lab trying to gain a foothold. The Moscow based company opened a sales office outside of Boston in February and has signed up about 40 resellers. Kaspersky reacts quicker than the giants to new viruses and other forms of malware, and gets fixes out fast.   

D. Sitting in the office armchairs all-day long has become the norm for many of us. Stress and rush make us forget about regular food and stuff our stomachs with cheeseburgers and sodas, which don’t do any good to our bodies. As a result, we rarely find time for exercise, gyms or balanced nutrition and it’s one of the reasons why a lot of people are overweight nowadays. However, it is possible to change your lifestyle and lose weight if you are willing to.   

E. The Internet is a very effective medium for spreading ideas or news. It eliminates geographical boundaries, and Greenpeace is aware of it, and benefits from it. For instance, in 1995, Greenpeace utilised its site to publicise a route that the French use to send nuclear shipments to Japan. They also included the fax number of the French Embassy and of the newspaper Le Monde so that letters of protest could be sent.   

F. The biggest problem most people face in learning a new language is their own fear, like Stage Fear. They worry that they won’t say things correctly or that they will look stupid so they don’t talk at all. Don’t do this. Actually, the fastest way to learn anything is to do it — again and again until you get it right. Like anything, learning English requires practice. Don’t let your fear stop you from getting what you want.   

G. Fuel cells are similar to a battery except unlike batteries, they don’t need to be recharged. Fuel causes air pollution and noise, while fuel cells do not cause either. Fuel cells don’t cause pollution because they don’t create waste like fuel. Fuel cells are also very efficient, so efficient that fuel cells have been providing energy on spacecrafts for a very long time.
 