Установите соответствие между текстами А -G и заголовками 1 -8 . Занесите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний. 

1. Secrets of storing for better taste
2. Element of culture
3. From fields to tables
4. From local use to international trade
5. Secrets of popularity
6. Shades make difference
7. Recipes for all tastes
8. Deceiving likeness 

A. The first mentioning of coffee goes as far back as the ninth century. At first, coffee remained largely confined to Ethiopia, where its native beans were first cultivated. But the Arab world began expanding its trade horizons, and the beans moved into northern Africa and were mass-produced. From there, the beans entered the Indian and European markets, and the popularity of the beverage spread. 

B. While processing, a coffee bean absorbs heat, and the color shifts from green to yellow and then to varying shades of brown. Depending on the color, the beans are labeled from light to very dark. Darker beans are generally smoother, because they have less fiber content and the flavor is more sugary. Lighter beans have more caffeine, which result in a slight bitterness, and a stronger flavor. 

C. Coffee is one of the world’s most widely consumed beverages. People often have it in the morning, when they feel tired or want to stay awake in the evening. Many office workers take a coffee break when they have low energy. It happens because coffee contains caffeine, a bitter, white crystalline chemical that has a vitalizing effect in humans. 

D. For the best quality of brewed coffee it is necessary to buy whole beans and grind them before brewing. If you keep an open package of beans in the freezer it remains fresh for a month. Ground coffee should be used up within two weeks and also kept in a tightly closed container in the refrigerator. But an absolutely fresh coffee can be made from green beans that just need to be roasted first. 

E. For occasions when one wants to enjoy the flavor of coffee with almost no stimulation, decaffeinated coffee is available. It is processed from beans while they are still green by either soaking beans in hot water or steaming them. Decaffeinated coffee usually loses some flavor over regular coffee, but it looks the same and can easily mislead inexperienced users by its smell and even taste. 

F. The adoption of coffee created a unique social atmosphere that depends heavily upon coffee, espresso in particular. Coffeehouses, the places where people can get together, have traditionally been used not only for drinking coffee, but also as artistic and intellectual centers. For example, cafes of Paris which are popular tourist attractions because they are also associated with artists, intellectuals and writers. 

G. A coffee bean is the seed of the coffee plant, which ripens around eight months after the emergence of the flower, by changing colour from green to red, and they should be harvested. In most countries, the coffee crop is picked by hand. After this coffee beans are wet processed and then dried. Finally the last layers of dry skin are removed; the beans are sorted by size and density, roasted and sold to consumers throughout the world.
 