Установите соответствие между заголовками 1–8 и текстами A-G. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании есть один лишний заголовок. 

1. Studying from home.
2. Personal development is important.
3. Modern tools for studying.
4. Finding the right activity for.
5. Studying and Living at School.
6. Specialized Schools.
7. Assessing Academic Progress.
8. High Tech School 

A) In the earliest days of computers the only computer education was about computers. We and computers have come a long way since those days. Now computers have invaded into every aspect of modern life. Education is no exception. Students can use word processors for writing, spreadsheets for mathematics and science and databases for organizing information. Lately, the Internet has become a recognized way of getting information. 

B) There are many advantages to distance learning. For homeschoolers it’s a great way to safely get a head start on college before completing high school. In addition, many students don’t have the ability to leave home for maybe family or work obligations. Another huge advantage is the cost savings. Through distance learning, you avoid room and board fees that will have to be paid by a traditional student. 

C) In Great Britain many children go to boarding schools. A good boarding school can be an excellent placement for an orphaned child because everyone is treated equally and fairly there. Many parents with non-traditional careers or those undergoing difficult transitions like divorce find boarding schools excellent alternatives. Boarding school can help children grow in independence, and friendship formed in boarding school often lasts a lifetime. 

D) Considered by many to be a diamond in the rough of the Parkside area, the school boasts a curriculum that encourages technological literacy. The 170 local 9th grade students don’t carry any books or pencils. The school supplies every student with their own laptop. They create multimedia presentations with Microsoft PowerPoint, receive assignments via e-mail and conduct research online. So far, the unique program has had positive results. 

E) Chorister’s schools are educational establishments which have a special emphasis on religious choir singing. These schools are usually attached to a cathedral, church or chapel, where the school choir sings. Choir schools do not exclusively educate choristers: about 15 000 pupils are taught at chorister schools in the UK but only around 1000 of those are choristers. Tony Blair, for example, attended The Chorister School but was not himself a chorister. 

F) For the majority of college and university students, involvement in extracurricular activities plays an essential role in the collegiate experience. Students become involved in extracurricular activities not only for entertainment, social and enjoyment purposes but most importantly to gain and improve skills. A wide and diversified range of extracurricular activities exists on U.S. campuses, meeting a variety of student interests. 

G) The test is an important benchmark in ensuring that students will be successful in meeting the challenges they will face either in college or the workplace. If they are not able to meet the standards of the exam, how can we expect them to be successful in life? Examinations can be traumatic for both students and their teachers. But just because nobody really enjoys them, we should not disregard them as a necessary part of the education process.
 