Установите соответствие между заголовками 1-8 и текстами А-G. Занесите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1. Recognize Your Limitations
2. Take a Rest
3. Clear Out Distractions 
4. Have Help Handy
5. Plan Your Work
6. Stay Calm Under Pressure
7. Work With Interest 
8. Stay Focused   

A. The overriding idea is to go for simplicity. A quiet basement, a library table or the ground next to a big tree outside allow you to focus on what you're doing. Examples of poor locations would include the kitchen table, common areas where you're likely to encounter friends, or even your own room, as it's usually stocked with a computer, television, and video games that seem a lot more appealing than what you 're doing. You have to remove yourself far enough from any potential disturbance. This is the key to any successful session of work. 

B. Making your work relate to your leisure activities or hobbies eliminates much of the tedium associated with it. Whenever possible, make your schoolwork centre around something you love, and run with it. Essay assignment? Write about your favourite hobby. History report? Write about your favourite historical battle. Just pick anything to make your reports and assignments less mundane. As long as you meet all the requirements of the assignment, the rest is yours to choose. 

C. It's okay to reward a long session of hard work with a quick break here or there. Eat something, watch a TV show, play a bit of your favourite video game, pick up a musical instrument and practise a little bit. Trying to work too long at too hard a pace without break is only going to spoil your work in the end, as you'll start to tire, grow apathetic and make mistakes. Taking semi-frequent breaks proportional to the amount of time you spent working keeps your mind fresh and your spirits up. 

D. Ultimately, you are going to have to make executive decisions about the importance of various assignments relative to how much time and effort you're expending on them. Don't get bogged down worrying about finishing a small assignment that is worth a negligible fraction of your grade if it means that finishing it will cost you important points on a far more important project or paper for another class. Always rank assignments based on their due date and importance. In the grand scheme of things, it's always best to do what will get you the best overall average of grade points. 

E. If you have multiple assignments to do, don't try and work on more than one at a time. Pick the most immediately due assignment and stick with it like glue until it's done. Then move on to the next most pressing assignment. This way, you resist the temptation to bypass hard, looming assignments to jump to easier but less pressing assignments for your sense of accomplishment. Concentrating your efforts on one task is the key to any successful session of work. 

F. Often, you'll be tempted to pull all-nighters simply to get things done and out of your head. This is extremely counterproductive. If you feel very tired, you can just drop off at any moment. If you sense you're giving less and less effort to your work, then stop. It's always better to pick it up the next day when you're focused than to run a marathon all night and wind up with substandard work that you aren't proud of. 

G. It's not always easy to stay on the ball in college, but if you know how to stay calm, and make your assignments work for you, you can simplify things tremendously. If you have no idea how to even start an assignment, always feel free to contact your professor, campus tutoring office, or even your parents for advice. Don't let your fears get in the way of your doing well. If asking a professor for assistance is the difference between a C and an A on an assignment, you should not care about your pride, you should care about your college marks.
 