Установите соответствие между заголовками 1 — 8 и текстами A — G. Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний. 

1. New Strategies
2. Negative Effects
3. Media Bias
4. Media Censorship
5. Origin of Mass Media
6. Positive Effects
7. Confronting Reality
8. Payments in Media 

A. Europe can boast to be the primary source of mass media. It was Johannes Gutenberg who for the first time printed a book in a printing press in 1453. Gradually, after the Second World War, radio, television and video were introduced. The audio-visual facilities became very popular as they provided information and entertainment. The Internet has become the latest and most popular type of mass media. Here, information is generated through numerous websites and search engines. It also gives information on various topics similar to other types of mass media. 

B. Mass media increase an overall awareness of the masses. They enhance the general knowledge by providing us with information from all over the world. News broadcasted through different media helps us know about the day-to-day events in the world. News and documentaries revolving around social issues increase a social awareness in children and develop their concern towards society. Newspapers, apart from updating us with the latest news and new information, exchange their views over different issues that the society faces and share their thoughts on a larger scale. 

C. Some experts believe that it is mass media to be blamed for eating disorders in the youths as well as for the unhealthy lifestyle that has recently emerged. The products advertised by the media and the ways they are advertised are bound to affect the practices of the youths. Children, who should invest their time in reading books, studying, playing outdoors, exercising and engaging in social activities, today, spend their evenings glued to the television. People spending hours in front of a television or surfing the Internet suffer from eye problems and obesity. 

D. Traditionally, media planning meant deciding what kind of media should be employed for the advertising campaign. They would decide where the advertisement would have the maximum impact. Today, the concept of media planning has undergone a change. Media planning now involves not only selecting a media for advertising, but also deep analyses into the outreach of the ads. Also, media planners will today select unconventional streams of advertising such as mobile vehicles. Newer options are chosen depending on what the product being publicized is. 

E. The Internet is a very potential source of advertising, and it is quite understandable why every company tries to promote its wares through websites. The focus here is on reaching out to the niche customers. This is what an online media planner undertakes. Media planners do not get a commission as most other people in the advertising industry do. This is because media planners do not work with volumes; they work with strategies. Their services are creative. For this reason, they receive percentage cuts from the total budgets of the advertising campaigns. 

F. There was a time when one could always rely on the various types of mass media for accurate information. But in recent years, the media have been sensationalizing lots of news or events and giving unnecessary importance to certain issues. There have been lots of situations wherein a journalist has reported a particular incident with a prejudiced opinion. The various forms of mass media are known to influence the minds of the audiences to a large extent. So, does it mean that the media control our world? 

G. All new trends in society immediately pass through the watching lenses of the media, which know very well what matters are to be pushed into which court of justice. Apparently, interviews with the people involved mean the media are objectively reporting a new trend or describing an interesting issue. The involvement of professionals shows the report in a different colour — the writer has really taken a view of the matter, judged the issue in a particular light, and has put it in a certain category of behaviour. In an implicit way, the matter has been reported to the concerned officials.
 