Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.   

1.  Controversies and developments 
2.  Difficult to find the difference 
3.  Good for various spheres of life 
4.  Keeping viewers glued to a TV set
5.  Unusual commercials 
6.  Time is money
7.  Fairer chances for business
8.  The appearance of TV advertising 

A. For about seventy years TV has been used as a vehicle for advertising in some countries . Since the late 1940s, television commercials have become far and away the most effective and most popular method of selling products of all sorts. The radio advertising industry was well-established when television made its debut in the 1940s, and television was developed as a commercial medium, based upon the successful format of the radio. 

B. In the earliest days of television, it was often difficult to understand whether you watch actual television programmes or commercials. Many of the earliest television shows were sponsored by single companies, who inserted their names and products into the shows as much as possible. For example, Texaco employees appeared during the show to perform while the Texaco musical logo would play in the background. 

C. Another important milestone came in the 1960s with the introduction of very short commercial breaks during a TV show. Now it was possible for several companies to use a popular programme as an advertising platform together. It was one of the most efficient ways of marketing, and companies like Tide and Crest took it as an opportunity to expand their ad campaigns. 

D. In the 1970s, the broadcast of television advertisements which promoted cigarettes was banned by the administration. This resulted in a conflict between the government and television networks, as for them these ads constituted a significant portion of the total revenue. The period between the 1970s and the 1990s was marked by the increase of the time of commercial breaks from 9 to 19 minutes or the debut of celebrities advertising brand products. 

E. Today the vast majority of television commercials consist of brief advertising spots, ranging in length from a few seconds to several minutes. Commercials of this sort have been used to sell literally every product imaginable over the years, from household products to goods and services, to political campaigns. It is considered impossible for a politician to wage a successful election campaign without airing a good television commercial. 

F. The brief commercial "breaks" that interrupt shows regularly are the primary reason for the existence of modern-day television networks. The programming is intended to capture the attention of the audience so that they will not want to change the channel; instead, they will (hopefully) watch the commercials while waiting for the next segment of the show. Entire industries exist that focus solely on the task of keeping the viewing audience interested enough to sit through commercials. 

G. The TV commercial is generally considered the most effective mass-market advertising format, and this is reflected by the high prices TV networks charge for commercial airtime during popular TV events. The ratings systems determine how successful television shows are, so that they can decide what rates to charge advertisers for their commercial airtime. For example, a single thirty-second TV spot in prime time may cost up to $2 million. 
 