Установите соответствие между заголовками 1–8 и текстами A-G. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании есть один лишний заголовок.   

1.  How It All Began 
2.  Equal Rights for Comics! 
3.  European And Asian Varieties 
4.  No Longer Just for Children 
5.  Spider-Man Forever! 
6.  Time of Great Change 
7.  They Don’t Know What They Are Talking About 
8.  Birth of a Hero  

A.	Comic books are an important part of pop culture and loved by many. Just look at how many Hollywood films are based on superhero comics such as Spider- Man, Batman, Superman and others! However, some people mistakenly assume they are only for children or that they are only about superheroes. There are many wrong ideas about comics, and they often come from people who have never even read them. 

B.	Comics first appeared in the USA in the early 1900's as comic strips in newspapers. They were called 'comics' because they were about comical characters. Later they included adventure and crime stories and other genres, and became serialized. The more popular ones were printed in book format and were called comic books. These were especially common during the Great Depression. But they were often criticized for being 'literature for the illiterate'. 

C.	Comic books about crime fighters and criminals were in demand in the 1930's. One of them, Detective Comics, had a series about a man who dressed up as a bat to fight criminals. Fans loved him so much that eventually he had his own comic book and became known as Batman. Due to his success, other superheroes were soon invented. Superhero comics continued to grow in popularity and are now what people often associate comics with. 

D.	In the 1960's comic book writers began to experiment more. Some explored genres and themes not usually used for comics, others experimented with artwork, using more sophisticated styles. In the 70's and 80's these trends intensified and even the format changed. In 1978 Will Eisner wrote A Contract with God, the first full book length comic. Such works were no longer called comic books, but graphic novels.  

E.	Nowadays there are a great variety of comic books that are radically different from the original comic strips in newspapers. They have also become more acceptable in society: earlier, if you were not a child but were interested in comics, you were looked down upon and could be called a geek or a nerd; now comic books have become largely mainstream. Comic book conventions where fans gather and even dress up as their favorite superheroes are very popular. 

F.	The USA is not the only country with a history of comic books. France and Japan have their own unique traditions. In France, comics are known as bandes desslnees and in Japan, manga. Each of these has its own style and history of development. The highly stylized Japanese manga characters with big eyes and brightly colored spiky hair have become just as popular around the world as comics in the west. 

G.	The medium of comics will undoubtedly continue to grow. Over time, the stereotypes that surround them will hopefully change. There is no reason for comics to be any different from other media such as books, films or paintings. Comics, like these other formats, will always produce bestsellers of little artistic merit, but there will also be masterpieces equivalent to great works of art or high literature.   
 