Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1.  Unhealthy eating habits
2.  Correcting mother nature
3.  The turning point
4.  The solution
5.  Simple lifestyles
6.  Summer all year round
7.  Unnatural lasts longer
8.  A tricky question 

A. Have you ever wondered where our food comes from? The obvious answer is that it comes from the supermarket. However, that still doesn't answer the question because nowadays, it can come from anywhere on the planet. In addition, we have no idea how some of the food products we buy, such as hot dogs or cookies, are made. For us, food is sometimes a mystery.

B. Long ago, things were not so mysterious. Our ancestors would have known exactly where their food had come from. When we were hunters and gatherers, we ate what we killed or gathered with our own hands. Later as farmers, we grew or raised the food that we ate. If we didn't grow it ourselves, it would have come from a nearby farm or at the furthest, a neighboring village.

C. Beginning in the late 15th century, during the development of trade with India and America everything changed. Explorers discovered exotic kinds of food such as potatoes, tomatoes, pumpkins and chocolate, and introduced them to Europe. Although they are common now, people back then were suspicious and even thought they might be poisonous. All of a sudden, what you were eating was not so obvious.

D. In recent times, technology and modern forms of transportation have changed things even more. Food can be shipped from one side of the planet to the other, and refrigeration means that we don't have to worry about things spoiling. As a result, the whole idea of seasonal fruits and vegetables has lost its meaning and it no longer seems strange to eat strawberries in winter. Exotic fruits have become common, and many people have no idea where they come from.

E. Advances in food science and chemistry have changed food even more. Processed foods such as cookies, cereal, spaghetti sauces and soft drinks are made in factories with chemicals. The reason this is done is to save money since natural ingredients cost much more than artificial ones. It's also done to increase the shelf life, meaning the time that the products can remain on the shelves of the supermarket without going bad.

F. Even if you avoid eating processed foods, you still can't be sure what you are eating. Farming practices have changed beyond recognition and farms are often run like a factory. Animals are injected with hormones to make them fat and fruits and vegetables are genetically modified to produce 'improved' versions. In addition, chemical fertilizers and pesticides are regularly sprayed on plants. The health effects of this are not yet known and have yet to be seen.

G. So what can you do? The main thing you can do is educate yourself so that you know exactly what you are eating. Read the labels carefully and know what chemical ingredients are harmful. Try to buy organic fruits and vegetables that are grown naturally or buy them from local farmers' markets. By being aware and selective of the food that we buy, we can be more certain of what we are eating, enjoy more delicious food, as well as make sure we are eating healthily. 
 