Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1.  Climbing with experienced helpers
2.  Dangers from natural disasters
3.  Surrounded by sacred woods
4.  Impossible to climb in the cold season
5.  More than one summit
6.  Offering a well-equipped climb
7.  Preferred by solo climbers
8.  Possible health problems 

A. Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world and probably the best known. It is part of the Himalaya range on the Nepal-Tibet border. It attracts experienced mountaineers as well as beginners to complete a successful climb. The route to the summit takes from 10 to 12 hours. The mountain, while not posing substantial technical climbing difficulty on the  standard route, still has many dangers, such as altitude sickness, due to the lack of oxygen.

B. K2 is the second highest mountain in the world after Mount Everest. K2 is known as the Savage Mountain due to the difficulty of ascent and has the second highest climber fatality rate among the 8000-meter peaks. This is the reason why K2 has never been climbed in winter. Standing over 3,000 metres above the glacial valley bottoms, it is famous for its relief. K2 is a consistently steep pyramid, dropping in almost all directions.

C. Kangchenjunga is the third highest mountain in the world. It has an enormous mass with numerous satellite peaks along its ridges. The word 'Kangchenjunga' means 'The Five Treasures of Snows', as it contains five peaks, four of them over 8,450 metres. The huge massif of Kangchenjunga is supported by great ridges forming a giant 'X'. These ridges contain majestic peaks between six and eight thousand metres.

D. Lhotse is the fourth highest mountain in the world and is connected to Everest via the South Col. Lhotse has been the scene of many failed attempts and some notable fatalities. Only an expert team of guides and Sherpa can make the ascent possible. Sherpa are local people, who are regarded as elite mountaineers and experts in the Himalayas. They are valuable to explorers because they have a genetic adaptation to living in high altitudes.

E. Manaslu is the eighth highest mountain in the world. Its name means 'Mountain of the Spirit'. Manaslu's long ridges and valley glaciers offer feasible approaches from all directions and culminate in a peak that towers steeply above the surrounding landscape and is visible from a far. Full of untouched forests, the Manaslu Valley is fantastic. Tourists called it the Garden of Eden because of Buddhist prohibitions on hunting.

F. Nanga Parbat, which is the ninth highest mountain in the world, is a truly awesome spectacle. The name means 'Naked Mountain' in Hindi. Known as the 'Killer Mountain', Nanga Parbat was one of the deadliest for climbers. The route was dangerously prone to avalanche and exposed to bad weather. March is the riskiest of all months. Winters transitioning into summers cause numerous avalanches on Nanga Parbat.

G. Shishapangma is one of the easiest eight-thousanders to climb due to its location entirely within Tibet. Organized climbing is cautious and careful, with excellent leadership, ‘walkie-talkie’ radios, satellite telephones, the best oxygen bottles and apparatus available. For trekkers’ comfort, there are also yak caravans carrying heavy things, tasty food, individual tents for each member, and a full kitchen in basecamp. 
 