Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1.  A time for physical exercise 
2.  It is worth it! 
3.  Traditional winter drinks 
4.  Not as bad as you may think! 
5.  A unique cultural season
6.  Just know the right people!
7.  Too pretty to be real!
8.  Where old and new times meet 

A. If you mention travelling to Moscow in the winter, most foreign tourists will think you are crazy. Many of them will imagine snow, freezing temperatures and having to wear big parkas and fur hats. They are missing out, though, because winter in Moscow is like a fairy tale, and one of the most beautiful times of the year to visit. There is so much to see and do that the chance to visit this beautiful city during the winter should not be missed. 

B. The shocking truth is that the Russian capital at wintertime is not as cold as many people would imagine. While the weather can be unpredictable, most of the time the temperature is around –5 degrees Celsius with a moderate amount of snow. Compared to Siberia, it is very mild. The biggest problems are that you can slip and fall on the ice, and salt on the sidewalks which can destroy your boots. 

C. Many famous places of interest in Moscow become magical in the winter. Red Square is one of the first places to go to. With the snow falling gently, Saint Basil's Cathedral looks like a giant wedding cake covered in icing. Another place one should certainly visit is Novodevichy Convent with its lacelike towers and golden domes. When surrounded by snow, it resembles a fairy-tale castle of a beautiful princess. 

D. Muscovites enjoy a wide variety of sports and activities in the wintertime. Cross-country skiing is a great way to both get fit and enjoy the winter beauty of the many public parks in Moscow. Another favorite pastime is ice skating. There is a giant skating rink every winter in Red Square and many smaller rinks throughout the city. There are many other winter sports that are popular such as snowboarding, sledding and ice fishing. 

E. There are a lot of events in Moscow that can be experienced only in winter. The New Year holiday celebration is the most special time of the year and is like Christmas and New Year's Eve combined into one big party. The Russian Winter festival features performances of traditional Russian song and dance, games, crafts and ice sculptures. Finally, those feeling brave can dive into an ice hole for the Epiphany holiday. 

F. If you get too cold while walking around, you can always go into a shop to warm up. There are many modern shopping malls throughout Moscow, but if you want to experience the retro charm and nostalgia of days past, there is no better place than GUM on Red Square or Eliseevsky food store on Tverskaya. In addition, there are many cafes located throughout the city if you need a hot drink or something to eat. 

G. If you make Russian friends, you may get invited to their dacha and see the beautiful winter countryside outside Moscow. Here the snow will be deeper and the temperatures lower, but you won't be too cold as Russians have ways to stay warm. Best of all is the Russian Steam Bath. You can sit in the steam and when you find yourself hot and sweaty, you can do as the Russians do and jump in the snow outside to cool off.   
 