Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1.  Different terms
2.  The importance of sleep
3.  Lack of sleep
4.  Reasons to be active
5.  What is obesity
6.  Sleep and obesity
7.  Emotions and sleep
8.  How long to sleep 

A. When a person has excess weight or body fat, this might affect their health. It is usually caused by the consumption of more calories than the body can use. The excess calories are stored as fat. Obesity is a medical condition. It was first recognized as a disease in 1948 by the World Health Organisation (WHO). Obese people suffer from a large number of diseases. In most people, obesity is caused by eating too much and moving too little. There are different types of obesity.

B. It’s never too late to become more physically active. Physical activity refers to any movement of the body that uses energy. It can include housework, walking and gardening. Exercise is a kind of physical activity. It is planned andrepetitive. Examples of exercise are going to the gym and running on a treadmill. If you are interested in maintaining good health, physical activity can be a great place to start. If you want to achieve fitness goals, you will need to incorporate structured exercise into your routine. 

C. Exercising regularly is one of the most important things you can do for your health. In the short term, exercise helps to control appetite, boost mood and improve sleep. In the long term, it reduces the risk of heart disease, stroke, diabetes, dementia and depression. Exercise plays a vital role in building and maintaining strong muscles and bones. Regular exercise also increases your chances of living longer. There are many types of physical activity, including swimming, running, jogging, walking and dancing. 

D. Sleep plays an essential role in your health and well-being. Getting enough good quality sleep has many benefits. It protects your physical and mental health, quality of life and personal safety. When we sleep, our brain lays downmemory, restores daytime mental functioning and carries out processes that lead to physical growth. Poor sleep is strongly linked to weight gain. People with short sleep duration tend to weigh significantly more than those who get adequate sleep. Mental health issues are strongly linked to poor sleep quality.

E. Sleep is a vital indicator of overall health and well-being. On average, adults should optimally receive between seven and nine hours of sleep each night, but those needs vary individually. For example, some people feel best with eight consecutive hours of sleep, while others do well with six to seven hours at night and daytime napping. Some people feel okay when their sleep schedule changes, while others feel strongly affected by a new schedule or even one night of insufficient sleep. 

F. Obesity develops when energy intake is greater than expenditure. Diet and physical activity play an important part in this. However, an additional factor may be inadequate sleep. A growing body of research suggests that there’s a link between how much people sleep and how much they weigh. In general, children and adults who get too little sleep tend to weigh more than those who get enough sleep. People who don’t get enough sleep may take in more calories than those who do, simply because they are awake longer and have more opportunities to eat.

G. People find it harder to fall asleep when they are anxious and sad. The relationship between mood disorders and quality sleep is a complex, two-way street. Just as negative mood states can make getting a good night’s sleep a virtual impossibility, insufficient sleep can lead to depression. Regardless of which comes first, the end result is that a blue mood and poor sleep go hand-inhand. The amount and quality of our sleep can play a huge role in our mental health including how we feel and how we act toward other people.  
 