Установите соответствие между текстами A–G и заголовками 1–
8. Запишите свои ответы в таблицу.
 Используйте каждую цифру только один раз. В задании один заголовок лишний.  

1.  First things first
2.  Set objectives wisely
3.  Delegate and refuse
4.  Plan for efficiency
5.  Not only work matters
6.  Avoid distractions
7.  The faster, the better8.  Importance of time management 

A. Time is precious, particularly when it comes to running a small business. While being your own boss is a dream for many, it comes with a lot of responsibility. No doubt, you never seem to be able to check off all the items on your to-do list. From networking to marketing your company, it may seem like there’s an endless number of tasks and never enough time. If you want to maintain a healthy work-life balance, your time management skills really need to be on point. After all, there are never more than 24 hours in a day.

B. Goal setting is crucial to any good time management strategy. To make sure you’re engaging in activities that support your business goals, both short- and long-term, you need to define those goals in terms that are clear and achievable. After all, if your goal is just “to grow your business,” you might find yourself stressed and not know where to begin. Standing for “Smart, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, and Time-bound”, SMART goals provide clear, step-by-step tasks to help you get where you need to go. 

C. Once you have set your goals and determined the individual tasks you need to do to achieve them, it’s time to prioritise. Of course, you want to make sure you’re getting things done, but they should be the right things. Stephen Covey offers advice on how to work through your to-do list based on urgency. Focus your energy on completing your most important and urgent tasks before moving on to less time-sensitive items. Low-priority stuff offers the illusion of being busy. Do these later.

D. One of the worst things you can do is jump into the workday with no clear idea about what needs to get done. While it might seem like a waste of time to take five to ten minutes to think ahead rather than getting straight down to business, you’ll be surprised at how much more efficient you can be just by dedicating a little time to planning out the rest of the day. If you schedule your time wisely, you can focus on one task at a time, rather than wasting time jumping from one thing to the next. This allows you to work smarter, not harder.

E. Start paying attention to the number of times someone interrupts you when you are doing an important task. Track self-induced interruptions, too, particularly those of the social media variety. Your smartphone is extremely useful, but it’s also highly addictive and among the most harmful time-wasters known to man. It may take a massive exercise in will power, but shut the door and turn off your phone to maximize your time. Instead of being “always on”, plan a break in the day to catch up on email, make phone calls, etc.

F. If you have hired talented, dedicated employees, one of the most impactful management tools is asking them to handle some tasks. Running a successful small business depends on the owner’s ability to think about what lies ahead and not get stuck in day-to-day operations. Look for opportunities to pass responsibility for specific tasks to others on your team. That’s what you hired them for, isn’t it? If you have to decline a request in order to attend to what’s truly important and urgent, do not hesitate to do so.

G. Taking care of yourself is important. In fact, one Harvard study found that insomnia can cause the average worker to lose up to 11.3 days of productivity each year, while another study found that regular exercise helps improve concentration, sharpen memory, speed up your ability to learn, and even lower your stress levels. Making sure you have some free time each day to spend on the people and things you love is important for your mental health, and can help keep you energised and passionate about your work. 
 