Прочитайте текст и заполните пропуски A–F частями предложений, обозначенными цифрами 1-7. Одна из частей в списке 1–7 — лишняя. Занесите цифры, обозначающие соответствующие части предложений, в таблицу.
 It is claimed that San Francisco is the most interesting city in the US

A. The history of San Francisco started in 1776, ___ (A). They founded a mission and dedicated it to St. Francis. Several times San Francisco was hit by earthquakes. As a result of the 1906 earthquake three-fourths of the city was burnt down. But within 7 years, the city was almost completely rebuilt and started growing up. Several years ago, another serious earthquake hit the city, but it did not cause much damage because the buildings were well protected against the forces of nature. Now San Francisco is a little smaller than Washington, 

D.

C. in area ___ (B). San Francisco occupies the northern end of a peninsula, with the Pacific Ocean to the west and San Francisco Bay to the north and east, ___ (C). San Francisco is famous for its bridges, fog and foghorns. The greatest attraction of San Francisco is the Golden Gate Bridge, ___ (D). It is 

1.6 kilometres long. The height of its towers is 227 meters. When opened in 1937, it was the world’s longest and tallest suspension bridge. San Francisco is called the city of hills because it has 40 hills. It is famous for its picturesque cable cars, which climb these hills, and for its bright houses that cling to the hills along steep and narrow streets. And of course, San Francisco has a lot of museums. But if you are tired of museums and shops, you can go to Shakespeare Garden, ___ (E). San Francisco is a city ___ (F). It has a reputation as an intellectual, liberal, and slightly crazy city and his sights attract millions of tourists every year. 

1. which create a feeling of admiration
2. but with a slightly bigger population
3. which has become an internationally recognized symbol of the city
4. where new and different ideas can be explored
5. where you can find every flower and plant ever mentioned by the bard
6. so it is surrounded on three sides by water
7. when the Spanish occupied this area in the name of the king of Spain
 