Прочитайте текст и заполните пропуски A — F частями предложений, обозначенными цифрами 1 — 
7. Одна из частей в списке 1—7 лишняя. Bill Gates was born on October 28, 1955 in a family having rich business, political and community service background. Bill strongly believes in hard work. He believes that if you are intelligent and know how to apply your intelligence, you can achieve anything. Bill was an ambitious, intelligent and competitive child, ___ (A). In school, he had an excellent record in mathematics and science. Still he was getting very bored in school so his parents decided to enrol him in a private school, ___ (B). Bill Gates and his friends were very much interested in computers and formed ‘Programmers Group’ in late 196
8. Being in this group, they found a new way to apply their computer skill in University of Washington. In the next year, they got their first opportunity in Information Sciences Inc., ___ (C). Information Sciences Inc. agreed to give them royalties whenever it made money from any of the group’s program. As a result of the business deal signed with Information Sciences Inc., the group also became a legal business. In 1973, Bill Gates left home for Harvard University. He took the standard freshman courses with the exception of signing up for one of Harvard’s toughest mathematics courses. He did well over there, but he couldn’t find it interesting. Gates and his friend Paul Allen remained in close contact ___ (D). They would often discuss new ideas for future projects and the possibility of starting their own business. At the end of Bill’s first year, Allen came close to him so ___ (E). Allen kept on pushing Bill for opening a new software company. Within a year, Bill Gates dropped out from Harvard and then formed Microsoft. Microsoft’s vision is ‘A computer on every desk and Microsoft software on every computer’. Bill is a visionary person and works very hard to achieve his vision. His belief in high intelligence and hard work has put him ___ (F). He does not believe in mere luck or God’s grace, but just hard work and competitiveness. Bill’s Microsoft is good competition for other software companies and Bill Gates is going to continue to compete until he dies. 

1. where he was first introduced to a computer
2. where he is today
3. where they were selected as programmers
4. even though they were away from school
5. which has helped him during his first years of studying
6. which helped him to attain top position in his future profession
7. that they could follow some of their idea 
 